fix: many smaller adjustments, add security consideration ideas (#13)
namib-project/draft-coap-mud: draft-romann-mud-constrained.md

For the discovery process described in {{general_discovery}}, the following considerations apply to MUD receivers:

- MUD receivers that support IPv6 SHOULD regularly perform a CoAP request to the "All MUD CoAP Nodes" multicast address for the `/.well-known/mud-url` URI.

- MUD receivers that support IPv4 SHOULD regularly perform a CoAP request to the "All CoAP Nodes" multicast address for the `/.well-known/mud-url` URI.

> - MUD receivers that support IPv6 devices MUST join the "All MUD Receivers" IPv6 multicast address.
> 
> - MUD receivers that support IPv4 devices MUST join the "All CoAP Nodes" IPv4 multicast address.

Reviewer: Small nit:

```suggestion
- MUD receivers that support IPv6 devices MUST join the "All MUD Receivers" IPv6 multicast group.

- MUD receivers that support IPv4 devices MUST join the "All CoAP Nodes" IPv4 multicast group.
```

> - MUD receivers MUST regularly perform a CoAP request to the "All MUD CoAP Nodes" multicast address for the `/.well-known/mud-url` URI.

Reviewer: Not related to this PR, but should this really be a MUST? And should we differentiate the IPv4/IPv6 case here as well?

Author: 1. My idea here was that by requiring the multicast request, we have at least one method of discovery that Things can assume to always be working. However, on second thought, this might be problematic if the underlying network does not allow for multicast, so maybe we should either specify the situations in which this is required, or replace MUST with SHOULD. What are your thoughts on this?

2. Probably, yes, for clarity. I'll add that.

Reviewer: > My idea here was that by requiring the multicast request, we have at least one method of discovery that Things can assume to always be working. However, on second thought, this might be problematic if the underlying network does not allow for multicast, so maybe we should either specify the situations in which this is required, or replace MUST with SHOULD. What are your thoughts on this?

I was also thinking about changing MUST to SHOULD here. Maybe we could add a MUST assertion, though, that demands that a MUD receiver has to at least support one discovery method? Or should it also be possible that a MUD receiver only supports MUD URL submission?

Author: Depending on the environment, it might be desirable to have MUD receivers that only support submission, so I think just replacing MUST with SHOULD is sufficient here.

> - MUD receivers that support IPv6 devices MUST join the "All MUD CoAP Nodes" multicast address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUD receivers that support IPv6 devices MUST join the "All MUD CoAP Nodes" IPv6 multicast address.
```

> - MUD receivers that support IPv4 devices MUST join the "All CoAP Nodes" multicast address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUD receivers that support IPv4 devices MUST join the "All CoAP Nodes" IPv4 multicast address.
```

-->

# Security Considerations
(Very WIP for now)

For Thing manufacturers that intend to implement this specification:
- It is recommended to use CBOR Web Token-encoded MUD URLs whereever possible to allow for better integrity checking
- Using expiry times for CWTs containing MUD URLs can be advantageous, but also has its shortcomings.
  Most notably, expiry times are not recommended if it is possible for Things to reach a state where they have neither the means to update their CWT nor a non-expired token in their persistent storage

>   As devices may be out of service for longer periods at a time, where they would not have the ability to refresh CWTs, this state is unavoidable for the vast majority of devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As devices may be out of service for longer periods of time, preventing them from refreshing CWTs, this state is unavoidable for the vast majority of devices.
```

> - In order to use expiry times anyways, manufacturers could use two different CWTs: A backup CWT without an expiry time with a MUD URL pointing to a very constrained MUD file that only allows updating the main CWT, and a main CWT that has an expiry time but has a more broad MUD file referenced in it.

Reviewer: Would "limited" or "restricted" be a better fit than "constrained" here?

```suggestion
- In order to use expiry times anyways, manufacturers could use two different CWTs: A backup CWT without an expiry time with a MUD URL pointing to a very restricted MUD file that only allows updating the main CWT, and a main CWT that has an expiry time but has a more broad MUD file referenced in it.
```

-->

# Security Considerations

> (Very WIP for now)

Reviewer: Maybe we could also refer to RFC 8520 here?

```suggestion
(Very WIP for now)

The security considerations from {{!RFC8520}} also apply to this document.
Additionally, the following considerations should be taken into account.

```

Reviewer: Regarding the use of multicast, maybe we can also cite [draft-irtf-t2trg-amplification-attacks](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-irtf-t2trg-amplification-attacks) in this section.

Author: ```suggestion
(Very WIP for now)

The security considerations from {{!RFC8520}} also apply to this document.
Regarding CoAP specifics, {{!draft-irtf-t2trg-amplification-attacks}} provides information on possible attack scenarios.
Additionally, the following considerations should be taken into account.

```
